nil Executing PEOPLE EXCEPTIONALLY TALENTED IN THE ACHIEVER THEME
WORK HARD AND POSSESS A GREAT DEAL OF STAMINA THEY TAKE
IMMENSE SATISFACTION IN BEING BUSY AND PRODUCTIVE.
Achievers have a constant need for attainment. 'Ihey have an internal fire burning inside them. It pushes them to do more, to achieve
more. People with strong Achiever talents feel as if every day starts at zero. By the end of the day they must accomplish something
meaningful to feel good about themselves. And "every day" means every single day — workdays, weekends, holidays, and even
vacations. If the day passes without some form of achievement, no matter how small, Achievers feel dissatisfied. Upon finishing a
challenging project, they rarely seek to be rewarded with a rest or an easy assignment. While they appreciate recognition for past
achievements, their motivation lies in striving toward the next goal on the horizon.
ITS POWER AND EDGE
Achievers love to complete tasks, and they derive fulfillment from their accomplishments. Putting it simply, people with high Achiever
have a strong inner drive — an innate source of intensity, energy, and power that enables them to push hard to get things done. As a
result, they often set the pace and define productivity levels for the people around them.
Direct your energy to achieve in all areas of your life.
Take advantage of your self-motivation by setting
challenging goals. Set a more ambitious goal every
time you finish a project.
Partner with someone with strong Discipline or
Focus talents. 'Ihis person can help you use your
energy as effciently as possible.
Take time to celebrate each success before
moving on to the next item or task, even for just a
few minutes.
Although you might be naturally equipped to work
harder and longer than others, be sure to take
regular breaks.
As much as possible, limit your commitments to
tasks that are aligned with your highest priorities.
Make sure your to-do lists include things
beyond work.
GALLUP IF ACHIEVER IS A LESSER THEME FOR YOU:
'Think about how you get things done. Even if you lack
the intensity or drive of the Achiever theme, you no doubt
accomplish meaningful outcomes.
Among your top themes, find those that provide you
with energy and motivation. Focus, Maximizer, or
Responsibility talents may be the fire that can fuel your
endeavors in the same way that the Achiever talents do
for others.
If you have a smartphone or other mobile device, find
a powerful app that can help you keep track of the
important tasks you need to accomplish each day. Use this
technology to push you toward completing your goals.
Look for collaborative roles. 'Ihe drive of those around you
can often be contagious. Gravitate to high producers, and
their energy will often rub off on you.
Manage others' expectations by helping them understand
that though you are not afraid of hard work, your primary
motivation is more about quality, commitment, or service.
Strengths
Copyright 0 2000, 2012 Gallup, Inc. All rights reserved.Gallup@, StrengthsFinder@, and each of the 34 StrengthsFinder theme names are trademarks of Gallup, Inc.