Analytics
Steve Wasson
choices and change the outcome for the future.
So, when you think about our Analytics solutions, whether it be financial, operational or clinical
analytics solutions, what it's really doing, it's taking information, data, and it's drawing some
normalcy to it, so you can decide what the best course is for you and the organization and
have a different outcome, than if you didn't change any behavior.
So, it's really just giving you a guide for the future.
How And To Whom Do We Deliver The Solution?
So, it's important to know that we have varying offerings of Analytics. And, depending on the
use case and depending on the solution, you may have install or cloud-based offerings.
Generally, we're optimizing to the Cloud. We're optimizing toward data platform, and we're
optimizing to bring all data together and have those analytics sitting on top of it.
We do have varying technology ways in which we supply them to our customers. So, as a sales
person, it's important to know which ones are offered in which manner.
What Are the Regulatory Factors At Play?
Operating in healthcare, you always have to be aware of the impact, from a regulatory
perspective. Analytics solutions really are governed from the data in which we're using. So,
depending on the data that is supplied into the Analytics solution, you need to be aware of
the use cases and what you can or cannot do with this specific data. So, if it's HIPAA
protected or if it has some protections around it for privacy, you need to be aware of that.
What Are The Key Milestones On the Solution Roadmap?
When you think about our global solutions, from the analytics perspective, for all our solutions,
we're really navigating to get the acquisition of data, cost of acquisition of data, down to the
lowest that we can. So, making it, so that if you acquire data for one Analytics solution, you
can use that same data for a different use space in a different analytics solutions.
And so, when you think about our milestones for our roadmap, we're really optimizing to put all
of our data in one place, have it in a data platform that can be leveraged throughout
Change Healthcare, and having the Analytics solution sit on top of that. Now, that's not a
reality, today, in all cases, but that's definitely where we're investing and we're optimizing for.
What Are The Typical Pricing And Contractual Provisions?
02017 CHANGE HEALTHCARE OPERATIONS, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 3